He is lifeless that is faultless.
Secret of success is constancy to purpose.
Good words cost nothing.
Good name is better than a golden girdle.
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars.
He who carries nothing loses nothing.
Dreams go by contraries.
Non but a wise man can employ leisure well.
Honey catches more flies than vinegar.
Hog in armour is still but a hog.
He that can make a fire well can end a quarrel.
Friend to all is a friend to none.
Gift long waited for is sold, not given.
Deep sorrow has no tongue.
No man can call again yesterday.
Make yourself all honey, and the flies will devour you.
Second thoughts are best.
keep the common road, and you are safe.
Justice has long arms.
It is good to have friends but bad to need them.
Kill one with kindness.
Eating little and speaking little can never do harm.
Idle men are dead all their life long.
A small leak will sink a great ship.
He who begins many things, finishes but few.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
Respect is greater from a distance.
Avarice is the only passion that never ages.
From saying to doing is a long step.
The more the merrier.
Talk of the devil, and he is bound to appear.
Learn to say before you sing.
Old men are twice children.
Covetousness is always filling a bottomless vessel.
The first blow is halfly the battle.
Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.
Finding's keeping.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Hunger is the best sauce.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
He that has a great nose thinks everybody is speaking of it.
There is truth in wine.
The more noble, the more humble.
The pleasures of the mighty are the tears of the poor.
All that glitters is not gold.
Once bitten twice shy.
Out of the frying pan into the fire.
Money will do anything.
The tailor makes the man.
When the well is full, it will run over.
The used key is always bright.
Men are blind in their own causes.
Two dogs strive for a bone, and a third runs away with it.
Nature admits not a lie.
Knave is one knave, but a fool is many.
Manners are stronger than laws.
If you would wish the dog to follow you, feed him.
Never judge by appearances.
Age is a matter of feeling, not of years.
Hungry dogs will eat dirty puddings.
Draw not your bow until your arrow is fixed.
From nothing, nothing can come.
We sink to rise.
Remove an old tree and it will die.
Bacchus kills more than Mars.
Time discloses all things.
The first step is always the hardest.
Speak of the devil.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
Clothes do not make the man.
Novelty is the great parent of pleasure.
You can't seek Lady Luck; Lady Luck seeks you.
Asking costs nothing.
Popular opinion is the greatest lie in the world.
Delay increases desire and sometimes extinguishes them.
The pot calls the kettle black.
Everything is good for something.
Words are the voice of the heart.
Whatever you undertake, think of the end.
A bargain usually costs you more in the end.
He who knows only his side of the case knows little of that.
The longest night must end.
The best means of destroying an enemy is to make him your friend.
The first step is the hardest.
A man is twice miserable when he fears his misery before it comes.
The sickness of the body may prove the health of the mind.
To refuse graciously is half to grant a favor.
Gentleness corrects whatever is offensive in our manner.
Profit all mankind.
My house burned up, but do died the bedbugs.
A man with three daughters can sleep his door open.
A day is like three autumns.
The best of plans is to run away.
Pay condolences when the lord's horse dies but not when the lord dies.
See one and know ten.
Even the evil spirits don't know.
Knowing characters is worry and trouble.